Added error level to chapters 6.6.4.(1-3) (#417)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

Resolution:

1. Vehicle does NOT take over the new order in its internal buffer
2. The AGV shall report a `orderError` error with the `errorLevel` set to 'WARNING' with the wrong fields as error references.

> 3. The warning shall be reported until the vehicle has accepted a new order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The error shall be reported until the vehicle has received a new order.
```

1. Vehicle does NOT take over the new order in its internal buffer.
2. Vehicle keeps the previous order in its buffer.

> 3. The AGV shall report a `orderUpdateError` error with the `errorLevel` set to 'WARNING'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The AGV shall report an 'orderUpdateError' error with the `errorLevel` set to 'WARNING'.
```
